1.Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.

* How did we know the users searching for food items are going through a break up?
* What methods did we use to certify the data provided by the sources selected? 
	(How do we know the data is accurate?)

2.Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.

> https://trends.google.com/trends/

3.The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.

a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?

> The highest peak recorded is 100 on February 28th, 2025.

b) What is the lowest dip recorded?

> The lowest dip recorded was 65 on Nov 30th, 2024 to Dec 31st, 2024.

4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).

a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the
lowest dip?

> The highest peak recorded is 100 on April 30th, 2024.
> The lowest dip recorded was 73 on Oct 30th, 2024 to Dec 31st, 2024.

b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?

> The line for Milkshake went lower on the scale. The highs and lows still occur on the
> the same dates but they now have lower values since they're being compared to hamburgers

5.Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.

> The line lowered because the graph is on a scale of 0-100 with the values representing peak
> interest. During the year long period of time, hamburgers had a higher interest compared to
> milkshakes.

6.Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).

a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup
and Hamburger?

> There's a slight pattern but not consistent. There's moments where they both rise and fall in
> sync but also moments where they diverge and go opposite ways.

b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?

> Break up and Milkshake trend lines are also not very in sync. They're closer to each other in
> terms of interest/search results however milkshake looks to have a more steady trend line while
> break up has its ups and downs.

7.What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the
article?

> It suggests that the conclusions reached in the article are unreliable because ultimately
> correlation does not equal causation.

8.At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”

a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?

> Alabama

b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?

> South Dakota

9.Use the download icon to download a csv file with these search trend results. Save it
to your DataAnalytics/week-01 folder as GTrends_milkshake_hamburger_2024.csv
