Click on “View responses” to see the Responses Summary. In your .txt file, write numbers
1 through 5 to represent the five survey questions. For each survey question, CONSIDER
the following:
1. What conclusion can you reach about the responses to this question?
2. Is the default summary or visualization helpful? How could it be improved?
3. For questions with an “Other” option, where can you find the actual text of those
responses? Do you notice anything that might be tricky about analyzing these?
4. For questions calling for a written response, what challenges do you notice about
finding trends or patterns in the answers provided?
5. Now that you can see the responses, how might you recommend rephrasing this or
question or the response options in a future survey?

1. 	
	5 minutes before class starts, the majority of the class intends to be ready to
	take notes and have their equipment working properly. The visualization is 
	definitely helpful in highlighting key common words. It gives a good idea on 
	where everyone mutually agrees. It could be improved with having AI give a 
	summary of everyone's response. I notice that it's not easy to identify a
	collective answer when answers vary in length. It seems to require very specific
	nitpicking and in doing so may remove the depth of individual's answers. I would
	recommend turning this question into a multiple choice option and rephrasing the
	question as "what is most vital for you to be ready to start on time?" with a final
	"other:" option in case we might miss a common morning objective most people would have.
	Lastly if possible, add a question after the multiple choice one asking for their reasoning.
	That way we're able to easily identify key aspects for student readiness and have in-depth 
	context to better understand their decisions.
	
2.
	I can conclude with this question how many people have a second monitor for multi-tasking
	and how many people may need a second monitor to increase efficiency. The visualization is
	very helpful and I don't think it can be improved. It simplifies reading a list of yes' and
	no's. To find answers to questions with an "other" option, we have to check the more details
	option on the question and this can get tricky because if we don't check, we might exclude
	someone with unique circumstances or if we do check, we have to figure out how their answer
	fits with the rest of the responses. I would only recommend instead of asking if students
	have a 'second' monitor connected, to ask if they have 'multiple' monitors connected to
	avoid having someone clarify that they don't have a second monitor but multiple monitors
	connected. If for some reason someone felt inclined to further clarify on the amount of
	monitors they have, it can complicate our results.
	
3.
	I can conclude the amount of people who have an external keyboard and mouse and those who
	don't. The default visualization is helpful as it simplies having to read through multiple
	of the same responses. We can find responses that used the "other" option in the more details
	section, however any response here might just complicate our results analyzation. For this
	option, I might recommend rephrasing it as "Do you have any accessibility needs for typing
	or navigating your computer with the mouse cursor?". The reason why I would go about this
	way is because mouse and keyboards are a standard and necessity for using a computer and
	having external computer peripherals is more about optimizing work than it is about personal
	help. With this question, we're able to identify individuals who may need additional help 
	due to anything that may be limiting their ability to type or navigate their computer.

4.
	I can conclude the amount/percentage of students who plan to take notes on paper or
	on computer. The default summary is helpful and simplifies reading through the same
	responses. We can find the "other" responses in the more details tab and it can be
	tricky analyzing these because they can ultimately fall into one of the other options
	but since it is categorized differently, it can skew results. I would recommend
	replacing the word "computer" with "electronic device" and include a "both" option.
	This would actually eliminate/better categorize our "other" responses.
	
5.
	I can conclude that many are interested in being prepared for the bootcamp and want
	to know how they can be optimal in that regard. The default visualization is not helpful
	at all. It pulls key words from their responses but those key words are only pieces of
	a larger picture. Once again, it's very difficult to try and generalize responses by
	identifying trends or patters as it removes a lot of substance from their responses.
	This could be improved by using AI to provide a summary of the responses. Here we're
	able to identify key aspects and keep a majority of the depth provided in the responses.
	The question is great and I wouldn't change it as it provokes students to really think
	about what is ahead of them and what they might know to be prepared.
	
6. Is there anything that surprised you about the survey responses?

	I was mainly surprised by my peers' questions for the bootcamp. They really thought ahead
	about things that didn't even cross my mind. It just reminds me how important collaboration
	is as one person cannot think of everything alone.
	
7. Looking at the responses to questions 1 and 5, are there any ideas you might try to
	include in your morning routine, or any questions that you are also curious about?
	
	I'm pretty consistent with my peers in regards to morning preparations however, I would
	like to try to wake up even earlier to have more time available for my morning routine.
	I'm curious to how my peers deal with minor time gaps of free time as I personally feel
	awkward not using every second to do something productive.
	
8. Pretend you are the instructor. Is there anything you can learn from this survey to help
	in how you approach teaching this class?
	
	This survey would help me format my teaching material in a way that would work with the
	students learning style. For example, if I know that the majority of the class will
	note-take with pen and paper, I'll probably only include key concise information 
	on my slides and verbally explain rest so they can note down the very important things
	to retain and still be caught up with the explanations. This survey does help allow 
	the instructor to adjust their material/learning style to be more inclusive to everyone. 
	
9. Again, pretend you are the instructor. Do you think it was helpful or not helpful to
	make this survey anonymous? Why or why not? (If you can see both pros and cons,
	you may include both.)

	It was 100% helpful to make this survey anonymous. By allowing anonymity, it allows students
	to be more open about their opinions/struggles without feeling like they may possibly be
	judged for the issues they may be experiencing. The con would be not being able to
	identify students with very specific needs.