1. 	Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?

> 	It is the US government's open data webpage with over 400,000 datasets available
	for review.
	
2. 	Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?

>	402,381 datasets are listed.

3. 	Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources
	available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health
	category?
	
>	These were tagged with the Human Health category because they are datasets that
	have associations with our health either directly or indirectly such as 
	birth rates or food/livestock that we consume.

4.	Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you
	navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?

>	To navigate to additional datasets from the USDA, We can either click on their logo
	or click on their name above the title of their dataset which looks to be between a
	directory pathway.
	
5.	Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.

6.	Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?

>	The organizations returned are "State of California", "OpenTopography", and
	"City of San Francisco".
	
7.	Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food
	composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition
	information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your
	results?
	
>	Changing the terminology provided much more results compared to our initial search.
	It's important we use the right keywords to get an optimal result.
	
8.	Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review
	the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take
	some time to explore the FoodData Central website.
	
	a) 	Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you
		get? What happens when you click on a result?
		
	>	When searching for butter, I get multiple options for different types of butter such as
		salted butter or unsalted butter and more. When I select an option, I get nutritional facts
		about the butter and it's composition and where the sampless were acquired to obtain
		the information.
	
	b)	Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What
		kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find
		more information on the data types available?
		
	>	The types of data we can find here are "Foundation Foods", "SR Legacy", "FNDDS", "Branded"
		and "Supporting Data" as well. These files vary in size from hundreds of Kilobytes to a
		couple Megabytes to a couple Gigabytes. We can find more information on the data types
		available below on the same page by selecting supporting data files or lower where the
		releases were made available individually in their own time.
